###SANJEEVANI
Project
What is it about??
An e-booth clinic providing medical facilities in rural remote areas. 
## Why we chose Sanjeevani.
We all know the shortage and lack of basic health amenities at the rural regions, thus our initiative was to provide them with the medium between the patient and the medical practitioners.  as time and resources play an important role in the health sector we aim to provide facilities within their reach, budget and using the pre-existing resources to reduce the friction in the process.Our vision is to provide healthcare facilities at one step , one click. Majority of people living in rural areas die of diseases they arent properly diagnosed let alone aware of, thus our initiative at sanjeevani brings you to the scope of better health and medicare.
Based on real life experiences , we learnt that rural areas lack timely medical facilities.## What Sanjeevani Offers
Every rural region would have a booth set up where the patients who need help will directly contact our assistants, and the assistants will guide them through the functionalities of the booth in case they are new to the system and thriough that the the pharmaceutical help and doctor's prescription will be available at one place, one go. At the website we will provide a medium between the patient and the doctor as well the patient and assistant. The Assistant will be available 24*7 and assist them in their needs and requirements. We provide a E-clinic, Emergency, and the details of doctor, assistant and the pharmacy details. It is bilingual so that they understand it better as people in rural areas have low literacy rates .
#### Attributes CODE
1) We first built a index page where the user arrives at the landing page, here an interface is opened which provides abouts us, how to reach us i.e contact us, an option of e-clinic, emergency help and a login option for already registered patients who have a history before. We brief about the facilities we provide at the landing page.  The languages used here are HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT. 
2) If the user is new, he/she/they will choose the new registration open so that they can fill up their details and register. They will be authenticated through their aadhar's number as that is more accessible. A database will be connected through the new registartion which opens the portal of the entries maintained. As soon as the registration is done, the user will be provided with a username and a passoword. The administrator will also be provided with their details. For connecting the database, we have used the language PHP.
3) If the user has already been a patient before, he/she/they will be able to access the facilities through their already assigned username and password.The about us page briefs the user about the facilities.
4)  The E-clinic provides  a table for the hospitals connected to us, the doctors available, their specilaizations and the region. 
5) The Emergency option will provide a quick help , a video call direct to the doctor, an ambulance help and the end user can also register their query to the chat option. They  will be provided quick help , our assistant will guide them throughout.
6) Their will also be separate options for the doctor and the assistant where they can login through their respective accounts while you scroll down the landing page. The Doctors and Assistants can also register througgh the new registration option. There will also be a pharmacy section option that will provide the details of the pharmacy connected.
7) Our website is bilingual, since rurual areas are much more comfortable in hindi, we have tried making an initiative to keep it in our mother tongue.
8) Our present step is to implement our idea virtually where people living in rural regions can access sanjeevani through their phones. Our future prospects will be to implement it physically as well with the help of organisations.
